Names: John Eberling, Jacob Scriffiny
File: design.txt
AntWars File: Dark_Passengers.scala

Our ant colony Dark_Passengers (inspired from hit TV-show "Dexter") implements a conservative economic design with strategic 
defensive plays and offensive considerations. We implemented a total of five different kinds of ants. Three types of these ants 
were designed to act offensively and/or defensively. The Doakes ant was designed solely offensively and his primary job was to 
slay the enemy queen. The Lila ant was an offensive/defensive hybrid that was designed to create a dynamically-moving barricade 
in a specified location on the game board with the option to hunt down the queen. The Batista ant was designed defensively and 
his primary job was to statically defend. The other two types of ants were designed to economically sustain the colony. The Rita 
ant was designed to collect food from various food piles on the game board and drop it in specified locations. The Harry Ant was 
designed to collect food from Ritas’ drop-off areas and potentially from food-hubs around on the board.

Our overall strategy composed of a set start with adaptive mid-to-late-game functionality. The start consisted of deploying a few 
economic-based ants in order to gain an upper hand on food supply in the early stages of the game. Then our defensive ants were 
deployed to defend the center-food hub and establish a barricade in front of the enemy’s nest. Once we entered mid-to-late game, 
our strategy became adaptive to the number of ants alive in our colony and the size of our food supply. The potential options in 
this phase of the game consisted of deploying more food-gatherers, deploying defense in front of our queen, and lastly, deploying 
our highly-powered Doakes ant to win us the game with a flanking maneuver.

In terms of Inheritance, we specified two abstract classes: SerialKillers and Family. The Doakes, Lila, and Batista classes extended 
the SerialKillers abstract class, while the Rita and Harry classes extended the Family abstract class. The SerialKillers class offered 
the three offensive/defensive ants the options to set up a barricade, hunt down the queen, and logic to locate enemy. This allowed the 
three ants to share the same hunting code if necessary, in addition to having the flexibility to establish defensive positioning. The 
Family class defined the general movements for the Rita and Harry ants and the logic for collecting food. These two ants were divided 
into two different classes due to the differences in the ants’ purpose in the game.
